"All and only cows moo":
There are two ways to handle this.
We could treat it as:
"All cows moo and only cows moo".
If we do that, then we have
a conjunction of two restricted universal generalizations:
For all x (if it's a cow then it moves)
and
For all x (if it moves then it's a cow).
So two restricted Universal generalizations,
with conditionals inside, and it'll be the same conditional but going in opposite directions.
But a more efficient way to symbolize this
is as the universal generalization of the biconditional,
Everything is such that
it is a cow
if and only if it moos.
Remember, the 'iff' isn't a typo;
It's shorthand for the biconditional
So that's the Double Arrow
To be a cow is 'H(x)'
To moo is 'M(x)
So everything is such that
it's a cow if and only if it moves.
All and only cows moo.